docs: update telemetry overview and Woopra plug-in docs to be devworkspace-specific (#2268)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/the-woopra-telemetry-plugin.adoc

= The Woopra telemetry plug-in

The link:https://github.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin[Woopra Telemetry Plugin] is a plug-in built to send telemetry from a {prod} installation to Segment and Woopra.
This plug-in is used by link:https://workspaces.openshift.com[Eclipse Che hosted by Red Hat], but any {prod} deployment can take advantage of this plug-in.
There are no dependencies other than a valid Woopra domain and Segment Write key.

> The plug-in's  link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin/main/plugin.yaml[plugin.yaml] devfile v2 file has 4 environment variables that can be passed to the plug-in:

Author: The build fails because this file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin/main/plugin.yaml

does not exist yet.

It will however, when this PR https://github.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin/pull/9 is merged.

Reviewer: https://github.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin/pull/9 has been megred

> The plug-in's  link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin/main/plugin.yaml[plugin.yaml] devfile v2 file has 4 environment variables that can be passed to the plug-in:

Reviewer 2: This is just a suggestion. Please ignore if this is not what you want:
```suggestion
The devfile v2 for the plug-in, link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/che-incubator/devworkspace-telemetry-woopra-plugin/main/plugin.yaml[plugin.yaml], has four environment variables that can be passed to the plug-in:
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/
"_Spell out the numbers zero through nine._"

- `WOOPRA_DOMAIN` - The Woopra domain to send events to.
- `SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY` - The write key to send events to Segment and Woopra.
- `WOOPRA_DOMAIN_ENDPOINT` - If you prefer not to pass in the Woopra domain directly, the plug-in will get it from a supplied HTTP endpoint that returns the Woopra Domain.
- `SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY_ENDPOINT` - If you prefer not to pass in the Segment write key directly, the plug-in will get it from a supplied HTTP endpoint that returns the Segment write key.

To enable the Woopra plug-in on the {prod} installation, deploy the `plugin.yaml` devfile v2 file to an HTTP server with the environment variables set correctly. Then, set the `spec.server.workspaceDefaultPlugins` field of your `CheCluster` custom resource:

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  ...
  server:
    ...
    workspacesDefaultPlugins:
    - editor: eclipse/che-theia/next     <1>
      plugins:                           <2>
      - 'https://your-web-server/plugin.yaml'
----

> <1> The editorId to set the telemetry plug-in for.

Reviewer 2: If this helps:
```suggestion
<1> The `editorId` to set the telemetry plug-in for.
```
